MCLOUD-7991: Developer mode workflow (#9073)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-mode-developer.md

   ```bash
   ./vendor/bin/ece-docker build:compose --mode="developer"
   ```

>    {:.bs-callout-info}
>       This mode will be used in every further deployment by `docker-compose run --rm deploy cloud-deploy`, see step 6 .

Reviewer: Two things wrong here. First, a missing line. Second, we cannot call out a step number, since that is assigned and not written. Also recommended some formatting and grammatical adjustment.

```suggestion

   {:.bs-callout-info}
   The mode specified in the compose command determines the deployment for the `docker-compose run --rm deploy cloud-deploy` command in a following step.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: remove this line - this is causing linting errors
